Add subworkflow: Prelude (#97)
nf-core/mcmicro: docs/usage.md

### Pipeline stages and associated input parameters

#### Summary

> We generate a MuliQC formatted report based on the extracted OME-xml data and the marker/sample sheet information so the user can debug their runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate a MultiQC formatted report based on the extracted OME-XML metadata and the marker/sample sheet information so the user can debug their runs.
```

> This process is "mandatory" but we include the option to stop immediately after the data extraction/validation with the option `--prelude=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is always run but we include the option to stop immediately after the data extraction/validation with the option `--prelude=true`.
```

> Running with `--prelude=true` is recommended as a first run to ensure all the information is available and the subsequent run is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running with `--prelude=true` is recommended as a first run to ensure your sample/marker sheets are complete and the required metadata values are present in your image files.
```

#### Summary

We generate a MultiQC formatted report based on the extracted OME-xml metadata and the marker/sample sheet information so the user can debug their runs.

> This step is always run, but we include the option to stop immediately after the data extraction/validation with the option `--prelude=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is always run, but we include the option to stop immediately after the data extraction/validation with the option `--prelude`.
```

> Running with `--prelude=true` is recommended as a first run to ensure your sample/marker sheets are complete and the required metadata is present in your image files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running with `--prelude` is recommended as a first run to ensure your sample/marker sheets are complete and the required metadata is present in your image files.
```
